Advanced Meal Assist (AMA), Autosens and Temporary Targets

The above features in AndroidAPS are from OpenAPS oref0 code, so please also refer to the OpenAPS docs for these:

•	Advanced Meal Assist (AMA) after you give yourself a meal bolus, the system can high-temp more quickly IF you enter carbs reliably. Turn AMA on by going to the Overview Screen of AAPS, selecting the Hamburger on the top left of the screen and selecting Config Builder.  Then scroll down to the APS section and select ???????.  You will need to have completed Objective 7 to use this feature.
•	Autosens analyzes historical data on the go and makes adjustments if it recognizes that you are reacting more sensitively (or conversely, you are more resistant) to insulin than usual. Turn it on in the Preferences menu by going to the three dots on the top right of the Overview Screen, selecting Preferences and going to Use AMA Autosens feature.  You will need to have completed Objective 6 to use this feature.
* [Temporary Targets (Eating Soon and Activity Mode)](http://openaps.readthedocs.io/en/latest/docs/walkthrough/phase-4/advanced-features.html#eating-soon-and-activity-mode-temporary-targets) Temporary or “temp” targets are ideal for when you want the loop to adjust to a different target level for a short period of time (temporarily) for example when you plan on eating or exercising.  You can set temp targets either by the TempT option on the watch, Temporary Target button on the Actions tab, or by pressing and holding the current target displayed on the home screen.  Temporary targets have a pre-defined duration so you don't need to remember to turn it back to usual.  The homepage will show the current target as blue is your usual target, and green if a temporary target.
